20:00:01 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:00:01 <zzz> 1) 33C3 planning
20:00:01 <zzz> 2) 0.9.28 update (zzz)
20:00:07 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:00:09 <zzz> hi
20:00:17 <eche|on> hi
20:00:22 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Hi!
20:00:38 <zzz> 1) 33C3 planning
20:01:05 <eche|on> good
20:01:11 <zzz> ok, want to make sure that eche|on has the ticket buy for Nov. 8 under control, and that hottuna has the table request under control
20:01:16 <eche|on> monday 8pm presale of tickets will start
20:01:29 <eche|on> I will be in prague with mobile internet and laptop
20:01:38 <hottuna> zzz yo
20:01:47 <zzz> ok, so assuming prague has internet you will be good?
20:01:56 <eche|on> but I fear I cannot buy 6 ticks at once. I try. If not, IÂ´ll holler via twitter
20:02:11 <zzz> ok great
20:02:20 <eche|on> I smell they will limit max 2 ticks per order or this around, but we will see
20:02:36 <zzz> hottuna, will you put our noisy square request on the wiki again this year? and you're aware that monero wants to join in?
20:04:20 <hottuna> zzz: wasn't aware of monero. how many peeps will we be? and will monero fly under our flag?
20:04:21 <hottuna> zzz: the ccc wiki server is not responding at all now. it's been a few weeks since I checked if the 33c3 wiki had launched
20:05:10 <zzz> I don't know, talk to fluffypony for info, I believe they will make their own request but may ask that we share a table or are close
20:05:37 <zzz> hottuna, please confirm that you'll monitor the wiki and make the request for our project
20:06:39 <fluffypony> I'd like us to share a table
20:07:01 <fluffypony> if hottuna has got the request under control that would be great
20:07:08 <fluffypony> I can coordinate with hottuna on the description 
20:07:22 <zzz> fluffypony, I suggest you make your own request but ask to be close to us and/or share
20:07:24 <fluffypony> hottuna: not sure how many peeps, but we will make sure it's manned
20:07:27 <zzz> hottuna?
20:07:32 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Sounds good
20:07:46 <hottuna> fluffypony: I can request a table for i2p+monero of you know how many the monero people will be and if it also is ok for you to fly under the i2p project banner
20:07:55 <zzz> ok great
20:07:58 <hottuna> zzz: how many will we be?
20:08:07 <fluffypony> hottuna: ok let's chat privately and figure it out
20:08:09 <eche|on> hottuna: currently I do count 6 
20:08:33 <eche|on> zzz, hottuna. bobthebuilder,meeh, str4d and me
20:08:34 <hottuna> zzz: either way I'm committed to monitor the wiki and fill this stuff out
20:08:36 <zzz> Meeh may be bringing some extras, ask him. I'd say 8 for us and 4 for monery for now
20:08:43 <eche|on> If I did left anyone out, holler!
20:08:43 <zzz> great hottuna 
20:09:00 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] How big are the tables?
20:09:02 <hottuna> ok, 12 then preliminarily
20:09:13 <hottuna> as big as we request them pretty much
20:09:26 <zzz> ok as far as talks - I know str4d and sadie were thinking of submitting, did that happen? (probably not) and have you coordinated with YTBI as a fallback?
20:09:37 <zzz> *YBTI
20:09:44 <eche|on> not that I know of
20:09:54 <eche|on> str4d could enlighten us here
20:10:15 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Sadie isn't going to be attending CCC AIUI (personal matters), and I didn't submit a talk because of Zcash launch business
20:10:24 <zzz> oh and congrats to str4d for the launch, he may be too rich to talk to us now
20:10:47 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Heh, unlikely :stuck_out_tongue:
20:10:56 <zzz> ok hopefully sadie and eche|on are coordinated on whether she's going or not, w.r.t. tickets
20:11:02 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I'll be working on a talk for YTBI though
20:11:21 <eche|on> zzz: she will not attend 33c3, but will go to RWC
20:11:30 <zzz> ok, anybody seen any chatter on grothoff or whether YBTI will happen?
20:11:51 <zzz> always poorly organized, probably won't find out until later
20:11:55 <eche|on> nothing seen yet, IMHO the ticket issue is a reason to hold back
20:12:09 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Good to still have someone going to RWC
20:12:32 <zzz> it's in NYC this year?
20:12:40 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Yep
20:12:55 <zzz> nice. maybe we'll get some more ppl to show up too
20:13:02 <zzz> anything else on 1) ?
20:13:12 <eche|on> currently not
20:13:18 <eche|on> I will holler about tickets
20:13:26 <zzz> ok
20:13:44 <zzz> 2) 0.9.28 update
20:14:00 <zzz> I've updated a number of the 3rd party libs we bundle, including jetty
20:14:24 <eche|on> great
20:14:28 <zzz> and jrobin. Also fighting with some java 9 issues. And chasing some transport tickets
20:14:46 <eche|on> and special topics to look at on building updates?
20:14:51 <zzz> as usual, not getting a lot of help on coding or tickets, all help appreciated
20:15:01 <zzz> ech huh?
20:15:40 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I have the UI revamp work that I want to tidy up and merge for 0.9.28
20:15:40 <eche|on> ant updatewithjetty is the usual, but with some other new libs, any special to look at?
20:15:57 <zzz> no, nothing special
20:16:06 <eche|on> ok, good
20:16:13 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Additionally, I'm going to work on the "setup wizard" feature in November, which I want in 0.9.28 so we have something we can direct new users to at CCC
20:16:32 <zzz> str4d, if you're going to merge something big please do it in the next week, maybe two at the latest, I want to release .28 in mid-dec before ccc
20:16:46 <zzz> str4d, speaking of releases, how's the .27 android release going?
20:16:49 <eche|on> most tickets I cannot help much. but the syndie tickets I can fix, with a small help from you, zzz (after meeet)
20:16:49 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] ACK
20:17:27 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] .27 Android release was a non-starter while I was busy with the Zcash launch.
20:17:32 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] But I'll make time for it this week.
20:17:35 <zzz> after a 4-month cycle over the summer, I want to get back to 6-8 week cycles
20:17:55 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I'm also *really* close to having finished merging the I2P-Bote and Bote Android repositories
20:18:00 <zzz> ok, and of course bote needs some love, and not too late for a summer of x blog post
20:18:18 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] The Gradle plugin for making I2P plugins is working (it seems)
20:18:54 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] So once I get the last bits merged (which will depend on my uploading router.jar for 0.9.27 to Maven Central along with the other JARs), then things should work fine.
20:19:31 <zzz> str4d, I've made some changes post-27 that may force you to tweak things for android and/or your IDE files or maven, fyi, for .28, but shouldnt affect your 27 release
20:19:44 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] If not during this week, I'll have time on my hands during my flights back to NZ this weekend.
20:19:49 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] ACK
20:20:11 <zzz> ok. I didn't really expect you to do anything in october, notwithstanding your optimism :)
20:20:16 <zzz> anything else on 2) ?
20:20:29 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I have all the optimisms
20:20:48 <zzz> anything else for the meeting?
20:21:26 * zzz reaches for the baffer
20:22:18 * zzz *baffffffffs*** the meeting closed
