20:00:01 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:00:01 <zzz> 1) 0.9.30/.31 update (zzz)
20:00:01 <zzz> 2) UI branch status - (str4d)
20:00:01 <zzz> 3) I2P Summer Dev plans - (str4d)
20:00:01 <zzz> 4) EdDSA update - (str4d)
20:00:05 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:00:07 <zzz> hi
20:00:23 <zzz> 1) 0.9.30/.31 update (zzz)
20:00:48 <zzz> couple days behind schedule due to jetty bugs I had to patch, but will finish up review tonight and build tomorrow morning
20:00:58 <manas> Hello
20:01:19 <zzz> if eche|on is around tomorrow we'll get the in-net update out, and I'll work on the launchpad and deb builds for thursday and friday
20:01:46 <zzz> 31 I've scheduled for late June or early July
20:01:53 <backup> Hi
20:02:03 <manas> Hi backup! :D
20:02:15 <zzz> you can see the roadmap for what we have planned (or at least hoped) for 31
20:02:19 <zzz> anything else on 1) ?
20:03:18 <zzz> 2) UI branch status - (str4d)
20:03:43 <zzz> str4d you're up
20:04:13 <zzz> ok this is going to be the shortest meeting ever
20:04:27 <backup> I thought we were some more people here :)
20:04:27 <manas> :P
20:04:33 <zzz> anything else on 2), 3), or 4), or any other topic for the meeting?
20:04:44 <manas> I wanted to point out this thread: http://trac.i2p2.i2p/ticket/1139
20:04:46 <manas> *ticket
20:04:54 <manas> We should try and get this change in the new UI
20:05:21 <manas> "Semi-shutdown": Temporarily stopping accepting participating tunnels.
20:05:57 <manas> backup: Could you PM me the new link for status?
20:06:05 <manas> thx
20:06:08 <zzz> ok, perhaps you can add your reasons for why it's important to the ticket?
20:06:41 <manas> I was interested in finding out more about the summer dev plans but I guess that will have to wait until str4d is around
20:06:43 <manas> zzz: sure
20:06:43 <zzz> any non-critical UI stuff has to wait until we get the UI branch merged, so hopefully that's coming soon
20:06:49 <zzz> anything else for the meeting?
20:07:06 <zzz> nice to see you here backup
20:07:14 * zzz grabs the baffer
20:07:40 <manas> I wanted to propose regular reseed operator meetings
20:07:45 <manas> what do you think, backup ?
20:08:19 <zzz> I'd +1 that
20:08:38 <backup> yes, good idea
20:08:44 <zzz> I'll let you continue the discussion, however, for now...
20:08:50 * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed
