20:01:06 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:01:06 <zzz> 1) 0.9.31/32 update (zzz)
20:01:07 <zzz> 2) 34C3 budget planning (zzz/echelon)
20:01:09 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:01:11 <zzz> Hi
20:01:17 <manas> hello
20:01:28 <zzz> 1) 0.9.31/32 update (zzz)
20:01:48 <zzz> after some delay, we are now in code review for .31, with a deadline sunday the 6th
20:02:11 <zzz> expect an in-net update release on the 7th, with packages etc. to follow
20:02:29 <zzz> that puts the .32 release in early to mid October
20:03:01 <zzz> there's a lot of UI changes, everybody please test and review if you can
20:03:07 <zzz> anything else on 1) ?
20:03:50 <dg> only thing is: wondering which version we're gonna get into Debian
20:04:00 <dg> I don't know if it's premature to be thinking about 'stable releases' yet or not.
20:04:14 <manas> I have been testing, looks good :)
20:04:29 <zzz> I'm trying to connect with mhatta to ask those questions, as he hasn't given us any insight to his plans yet
20:04:41 <zzz> anything else on 1) ?
20:04:55 <lazygravy> dg: next debian stable release is in 2 years - there is time
20:05:06 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Note that we have a long window before reaching that
20:05:10 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] because Stretch just landed
20:05:34 <dg> lazygravy: fair enough, but wanted to see if anyone had a plan or if we should think about any sort of structure change to release process
20:05:34 <dg> nothing else from me
20:06:07 <zzz> 2) 34C3 budget planning (zzz/echelon)
20:06:28 <zzz> what I want to do here today is agree on a per-person funding level. If needed we can review the totals at a future meeting
20:06:54 <zzz> on zzz.i2p I've proposed an increase from last year, to 500 euros for reseeders, 1500 for full contributors, 2000 for special circumstances
20:07:04 <zzz> comments?
20:07:21 <eche|on> OK for me
20:07:47 <eche|on> btw: http://echelon.i2p/donations/index.html updated
20:07:55 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] That seems reasonable to me
20:07:56 <manas> Lag, sorry. That seems good
20:08:09 <zzz> eche|on, would you like ppl to email their requests to you, and if so, by what date?
20:08:40 <eche|on> email please, in time to the event, do we want to discuss in here or can I do it on my own ?
20:09:07 <zzz> at the latest we need it before congress ticket time
20:09:31 <eche|on> yes
20:09:43 <eche|on> to see how many tickets. so lets say end of oct
20:10:09 <zzz> I suggest people email you sooner, though, especially if they don't know how much they will get, or have special circumstances, or need to know before they buy plane tickets
20:10:15 <manas> ok I will send an email
20:10:38 <eche|on> ok, so say end of sept
20:10:45 <eche|on> 2 month time to think about it is fine
20:10:57 <zzz> in your emails, ask for a specific amount, and again, it's reimbursement for actual ticket costs, it's not a stipend
20:11:21 <zzz> ok, so we will put the total budget on the october meeting agenda
20:11:39 <manas> Does the amount include ticket cost
20:11:52 <zzz> no, we will buy or reimburse congress tickets separately
20:12:06 <eche|on> ok, great
20:12:09 <manas> ok
20:12:27 <zzz> anything else on 2) ?
20:13:26 <zzz> anything else for the meeting?
20:15:00 * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed
