20:00:01 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:00:01 <zzz> 1) 0.9.33/34 update (zzz)
20:00:01 <zzz> 2) 34C3 followup (zzz)
20:00:01 <zzz> 3) B-Sides NYC report (sadie, str4d)
20:00:01 <zzz> 4) FOSDEM report (echelon)
20:00:01 <zzz> 5) Status scrum (zab)
20:00:05 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:00:08 <zzz> Hi
20:00:11 <zlatinb> hi
20:00:15 <manas> hi
20:00:19 <echelon> hi
20:00:35 <zzz> 1) 0.9.33/34 update (zzz)
20:00:46 <zzz> ok, 0.9.33 has been out a week, all looks good so far
20:00:47 <orignal_> hi
20:01:22 <zzz> remaining items are android/fdroid/maven from str4d and the official debian from mhatta. Would you two please give us an ETA?
20:01:27 <R4SAS> hi
20:01:33 <echelon> yeah, looks good
20:02:39 <zzz> we need both by the weekend, to meet our two-week goal for primary release items, and to meet the deadline for Bionic
20:03:24 <zzz> ok I'll move on to .34, hope they show up
20:03:48 <zzz> I've set a 10-week schedule for .34 with a release in mid-April. That would mean big items in by early March
20:03:59 <echelon> ok
20:04:06 <zzz> I've checked in some small stuff, and have a big susimail rewrite coming in a couple days
20:04:19 <echelon> will test them
20:04:42 <echelon> anything more on plan for .34 ?
20:04:50 <zzz> oh, one other thing on .33, we had 73 tickets entered in the .33 dev cycle. I fixed about 30.
20:04:54 <i2pr> [Slack/sadie] hi
20:05:13 <zzz> I'm essentially the only one doing triage or fixes and if I don't get some help, I won't have time for anything else
20:05:38 <zzz> so would appreciate it, tickets are everybody's job, please pitch in where you can
20:05:54 <echelon> I can look for some tickets, but cannot do code
20:06:08 <echelon> still fighting with user management in trac
20:06:08 <zzz> on .34, the roadmap needs some fixup for what we can really accomplish, but I haven't looked at it in a couple weeks
20:06:23 <echelon> ok
20:06:34 <zzz> a lot of the tickets are for the website and we've had nobody doing consistent website fixes for a long time
20:06:51 <echelon> ok, content is easy
20:07:02 <zzz> I assume str4d has some UI fixes for 34 since he didn't get anything in for 33, but we'll see
20:07:08 <zzz> anything else on 1) ?
20:08:00 <zzz> 2) 34C3 followup (zzz)
20:08:35 <zzz> this was really just a placeholder. One thing outstanding is getting str4d's roadmap priorities overview finished and put on the website
20:08:40 <zzz> str4d, any status on that?
20:08:55 <zzz> anybody else have anything to say about 34C3?
20:09:17 <manas> it was an excellent 4 days :)
20:09:17 <echelon> was not as much folk talking to us as 33c3
20:09:52 <zzz> yeah, although we got a lot done, maybe because we had less walk-up traffic. It's a tradeoff
20:09:55 <orignal_> no interest to i2p anymore?
20:10:06 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I have the draft since, but keep running into Dev forum access issues
20:10:08 <zzz> it was more table placement
20:10:11 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Done*
20:10:13 <echelon> sure
20:10:27 <zzz> str4d, ETA for getting it onto the website?
20:11:24 <zzz> str4d, going back to 1), ETA for maven/android/fdroid .33?
20:11:31 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] If I don't need to solicit more review from Dev forum, could do it tonight
20:11:55 <zzz> I posted some objections you haven't responded to, at least as of a couple hours ago
20:11:59 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] .33 stuff likely not this weekend, I'll be working all weekend on Zcash stuff
20:12:11 <zzz> ETA for .33 then?
20:12:23 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Right, that's what I've kept trying to post to the dev forum
20:12:57 <zzz> well, if you've seen it, then take the objections, or not, up to you
20:13:58 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] .33 will have to be next weekend (18th-ish?)
20:14:41 <zzz> that's 2 1/2 weeks from the release. No way to get to it sooner? We really need to treat these as primary release products and get them out quickly
20:15:31 <orignal_> zzz, why can't you take care by yourself?
20:15:50 <zzz> we all have our roles. I can't do everything.
20:17:07 <orignal_> sometimes you have to
20:17:09 <zzz> ok, str4d may respond, or not. Anything else on 1) or 2) ?
20:17:17 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I can't help my work schedule
20:17:48 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] It would be great to have more people be able to make these releases, particularly Maven
20:17:52 <zzz> ok, let's figure out how to make it happen faster next time
20:17:59 <zzz> 3) B-Sides NYC report (sadie, str4d)
20:18:19 <zzz> sadie, str4d, would you please give us a brief report, and also let us know the ETA for getting the full trip report posted?
20:18:47 <i2pr> [Slack/sadie] it went well - we have a blog post ready ( some trouble posting)
20:19:22 <zzz> that was... really brief... ETA for posting that?
20:19:34 <i2pr> [Slack/sadie] we worked on the roadmap, worked on the web site , and discussed ideas for outreach this year
20:20:11 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Website IA for navigation is in much better shape
20:20:25 <i2pr> [Slack/sadie] we are back in touch with Elio who made the new logo to begin sub page design
20:20:32 <zzz> IA?
20:20:40 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Information architecture
20:21:21 <zzz> sadie, str4d, ETA for posting the trip report?
20:21:30 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Blog post will be up as soon as the roadmap is
20:21:56 <zzz> ok. Anything else on 3) ?
20:22:45 <zzz> 4) FOSDEM report (echelon)
20:22:47 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] tl;dr went well, worth doing again
20:22:58 <zzz> echelon, how did it go at FOSDEM, how was the I2P talk?
20:23:25 <echelon> fosdem is a nice big event with >20 parallel tracks and thousands of visitors, all free to attend
20:23:34 <manas> wow nice
20:23:58 <echelon> fosdem itself is well managed and organized, but getting food takes a bit, also lots of talks are filled fast and not able to get in
20:24:23 <echelon> but all talks are streamed live and are pushed to youtube now and are online on fosdem page
20:24:49 <echelon> the i2p talk was a brief fast talk on what is i2p and what it differs to tor, not much more, time was short
20:25:09 <zzz> did you meet the guy?
20:25:20 <echelon> the author is a i2pd guy not much in contact here, but had a rather good insight view of the code, except for some wrong numbers
20:25:29 <echelon> audience was ~100-150 people, room was full
20:25:53 <zzz> great, glad you went
20:26:01 <zzz> anything else on 4) ?
20:26:01 <echelon> just 2 questions afterwrds, e.g. if java i2p really uses now 2-4GB and if it runs on a raspverry pi
20:26:17 <echelon> we should go 2019, too
20:26:43 <echelon> (I just brought home a cough, too bad)
20:26:53 <orignal_> how come we don't know this guy?
20:27:27 <manas> echelon: i brought home a nasty cough on the flight back here from 34c3 :) all good now
20:27:29 <echelon> he kept under the radar, but has push rights to git
20:27:49 <orignal_> manas where are you now?
20:27:51 <zzz> anything else on 4) ?
20:27:58 <echelon> not much talk done, as I was already down and time was a issue on sunday
20:28:29 <orignal_> push rights? I think only R4SAS, villain and psi have it
20:28:38 <zzz> 5) Status scrum (zlatinb)
20:28:45 <zzz> ok zab, the floor is yours
20:28:50 <echelon> he said, he pushed code toi2pd
20:28:59 <echelon> ok
20:29:08 <zlatinb> hello everyone.  I’m happy to say that all proposals for compensation have been approved!
20:29:10 <orignal_> we will find him than
20:29:46 <zlatinb> let’s go around the room and when your name is called out please give a short summary of what you’re going to be working on for the next 6 months.  Please leave questions for later
20:29:55 <zlatinb> zzz you go first 
20:30:52 <zzz> ok, the majority of my time is project management, bug fixes, and new code, but I plan to spend a significant amount of time on proposals and planning, as well as reading up on things
20:31:02 <zzz> so I'm smart enough to make some of the decisions we need to make
20:31:27 <zzz> most of you all know what I do, but that's a quick summary
20:31:39 <zzz> code code code, bugs bugs bugs, repeat
20:31:42 <zzz> EOT
20:31:56 <zlatinb> Thank you.  echelon , your turn
20:32:23 <echelon> ok, managing the funds, doing some pr, managing most of services, doing some trac work, walk out to conferences^^
20:32:41 <echelon> eot
20:32:55 <zlatinb> str4d: go
20:33:04 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] First dibs on my time will be writing and reviewing proposals, and managing the proposal process along with zzz to ensure we have high-quality proposal documents for the community.
20:33:33 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Second dibs will be drafting implementations of proposals in Java and Rust, and collaborating with people outside I2P on common components.
20:34:10 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Balance of my time will be on Maven, Android (bug fixes only), and I2P-Bote.
20:34:13 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] EOT
20:34:53 <zlatinb> sadie, thanks for coming!  Tell us what you’re going to do
20:35:20 <zlatinb> Sadie?
20:35:42 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] You can't see the writing notification in shack
20:35:43 <i2pr> [Slack/sadie] Hi! I will be expanding my PR role - blog posts, console news..
20:35:47 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Slack*
20:36:26 <i2pr> [Slack/sadie] also - trac triaging - improving our response times, helping users
20:37:13 <i2pr> [Slack/sadie] funding research, outreach to other projects and strategic partnerships. Finding more users and devs
20:37:35 <i2pr> [Slack/sadie] EOT
20:37:47 <zlatinb> Sounds great.  manas, your turn
20:37:52 <manas> hi
20:38:05 <manas> next 6 months: study java, i2p documentation & get familiar with codebase; study cryptography, anonymity, privacy & security - any recommendations for books/papers/etc related to these topics are welcome :)
20:38:10 <manas> i have some ideas for interesting artwork that could be used for i2p-branded stickers/shirts which i will also be looking into
20:38:14 <manas> current status: office space has been set up; networking stuff mostly done - one router requires a firmware upgrade, submitted a ticket. ready to get moving on all tasks.
20:38:16 <manas> eot
20:38:36 <zlatinb> great.  meeh and mhatta, are you here?
20:38:49 <meeh> I'm here
20:38:58 <zlatinb> shoot
20:39:01 <manas> hey meeh :)
20:39:05 <meeh> give me a moment to catch up
20:39:40 <zlatinb> we’re doing scrum, just give a short summary of what you’re going to do the next 6 months
20:39:46 <meeh> gotcha
20:42:12 <meeh> next 6 months: complete as many scalatests (unittests) as possible for the core and router parts of i2p, probably others as well. also i2p for OSX needs improvements, where I will work on the launcher and update process, I'm also hoping to do improvements on docs/web, follow up as much as I can on trac wrt open issues of all kinds, and at last some research for new crypto / I2NP
20:42:45 <zlatinb> alright
20:44:39 <zlatinb> mhatta isn’t here unfortunately, so that concludes the scrum
20:44:39 <zlatinb> before we baf the meeting I would like to offer chance to people to ask any questions to the other members of the team
20:44:40 <zlatinb> so if you have anything specific you want to ask regarding the goals - go!
20:44:40 <zlatinb> if not, falcon heavy launches in one minute :)
20:44:41 <manas> meeh: will you be looking into separating the tests which require network access from those that dont?
20:44:42 <meeh> I would like to ask for people to say if there is places that really needs tests - in prior to others. open for suggestions.
20:45:21 <zzz> manas and str4d are the best to discuss the tests
20:45:38 <meeh> manas: I would try to emulate/mock network as far as I can, I haven't made up any thoughts if I encounter a test on how to do it, but I can keep you informed :)
20:45:59 <manas> BobTheBuilder currently runs the ant tests with the torsocks wrapper. would be nice to be able to run tests requiring network independently from the rest
20:46:00 <meeh> s/test/a place where it's needed for a test/
20:46:29 <zzz> zab we will need to discuss if we want to keep the scrum part of this meeting, or not, can do that in the coming weeks
20:46:30 <meeh> then I will look into that :)
20:46:33 <meeh> thanks for the adv.
20:46:45 <zzz> and is there a scrum before next month?
20:47:03 <manas> meeh: we'll discuss further, I will be looking into the tests as well :)
20:47:11 <zlatinb> right, so I would like a scrum with everyone every month
20:47:17 <meeh> I'm totally ok with it - I've still doing worse (each day 0930am) :p
20:47:19 <zlatinb> except manas who cannot make it due to time differences
20:47:44 <zzz> i am sure mhatta is in at least as bad a time zone
20:47:46 <manas> ya it's early here lol
20:47:47 <zlatinb> independently of that I will be meeting with those who work full time every week over irc/signal, etc.
20:47:56 <manas> mhatta may be in deep sleep
20:47:59 <meeh> I'll change timezone if needed in worst case :)
20:48:14 <zzz> the earliest I can pull the meeting in is another half hour, although after daylight savings probably I could do 7 PM UTC
20:48:25 <zzz> still not early enough for mhatta I'd guess
20:48:41 <manas> though once a month wouldn't be an issue. once a week could be
20:49:18 <zzz> I encourage everybody to be in IRC as often as possible. It's been awfully quiet here. This is the best place to get stuff done
20:49:25 <zzz> anything else on 5) ?
20:49:30 <zlatinb> ok, I’m all done, thanks everyone
20:49:38 <zzz> anything else for the meeting?
20:50:08 <meeh> I'm here usually always - just been busy working myself out of my project @ dayjob. So I will be more active in time.
20:50:19 * zzz grabs the *baffer*
20:50:29 <meeh> I'm guessing to have a start date within the week zlatinb
20:50:56 <zlatinb> awesome
20:51:02 * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed
