20:00:00 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:00:00 <zzz> 1) 0.9.33 remaining release items (f-droid.org, official Debian) (nextloop, mhatta)
20:00:00 <zzz> 2) 0.9.34 update (zzz)
20:00:00 <zzz> 3) Status scrum (zab)
20:00:04 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:00:06 <zzz> hi
20:00:17 <zlatinb> hi
20:00:20 <zzz> welcome to meeting 268 of this great 15-year-old project!
20:00:44 <zzz> 1) 0.9.33 remaining release items (f-droid.org, official Debian) (nextloop, mhatta)
20:01:03 <zzz> ok, nextloop did a PR for f-droid, it hasn't appeared yet, but hopefully will soon
20:01:30 <zzz> for Debian, we still haven't heard from mhatta, and we've missed the Bionic deadline
20:01:51 <zzz> anything else on 1) ?
20:03:01 <zzz> 2) 0.9.34 update (zzz)
20:03:37 <zzz> we're halfway through the scheduled 10-week cycle. I've set the checkin deadline for 4 1/2 weeks from now. Tag freeze in 3 weeks, release in 5 weeks
20:04:03 <zzz> we're at 16K lines of diff. The most notable change is part 2 of the susimail rework. The rest is fixes all over
20:04:28 <zzz> I encourage everyone in the team to fix a few tickets for the release, if at all possible
20:05:01 <zzz> we're past the 'big changes' deadline, but still hoping for various fixes to come in from everybody
20:05:21 <zzz> and of course, testing the dev builds is also everyone's job, please help out
20:05:31 <zzz> anything else on 2) ?
20:07:01 <zzz> 3) Status scrum (zab) all yours
20:07:04 <eche|on> not really
20:07:11 <zlatinb> Hi.  We’re going to go all around the room and when your name is called please give a brief description of:
20:07:21 <zlatinb> 1) what have you been doing since the last scrum
20:07:29 <zlatinb> 2) what you plan to do the next month
20:07:44 <zlatinb> 3) are you blocked by anything or do you need help from someone
20:08:11 <zlatinb> Please wait until the scrum is finished if you feel you need to address a question or have a comment
20:08:21 <zlatinb> let’s go - zzz kick it off
20:09:10 <zzz> ok. in addition to what I already said... I've been working on improving ssl support in the console and eepsites; upnp improvements; ipv6 fixes; and misc. refactoring
20:09:40 <zzz> I expect to continue on ssl and ipv6 in the coming month, as well as wrapping up other fixes for the release, which will be in early april
20:10:06 <zzz> I'm blocked on working on proposals, waiting to work with str4d
20:10:07 <zzz> EOT
20:10:41 <zlatinb> eche|on: please go ahead
20:11:07 <eche|on> ok, I´ve been working on trac, forum and blog
20:11:28 <eche|on> next month this will go on, a bit more pr, update finances,...
20:11:39 <eche|on> currenly all ok, next week I am on travel
20:12:12 <zlatinb> great.  meeh are you here?  Can you give us an update?
20:12:38 <meeh> Yes, moment
20:13:45 <meeh> I've been working on the OSX launcher part cause it bugs the crap out of me since I'm on OSX, also - the last 1,5 day I've used on migrating the horrible sqlite db of ours (trac) to something that scales
20:13:53 <meeh> Trying to avoid that null byte issue
20:14:31 <meeh> Seem like I will get it working now once I've manually defined all tables up front in pgsql before I try to import (without tables then)
20:15:37 <meeh> And yea, I also might have something regarding git->monotone export
20:15:45 <meeh> That's all for me
20:16:22 <zlatinb> ok, not blocked on anything I take it?
20:16:46 <meeh> nope 
20:16:50 <meeh> All fine :)
20:17:16 <zlatinb> excellent.  psi you wanna join the fun?
20:17:22 <psi> sure
20:17:28 <psi> let's see
20:17:47 <psi> 1) this is my first scrum for i2p 
20:18:18 <psi> 2) this month i'll make libsam super shiny and awesome
20:18:32 <psi> possibly adding epoll/kqueue variant
20:18:57 <psi> 3) currently waiting for review on the PR i made on github for libsam
20:19:00 <psi> EOT
20:19:20 <zlatinb> good stuff
20:19:24 <zlatinb> str4d: are you here?
20:19:51 <zlatinb> sadie maybe you are?
20:20:09 <zzz> sadie told me she'd probably miss it
20:20:41 <zlatinb> and str4d seems away
20:20:55 <zlatinb> so that concludes the scrum I believe - manas is exempt and mhatta awol
20:21:20 <zzz> ok, anything else for 3)? anything else for the meeting?
20:21:34 <zlatinb> now, does anyone have any questions or comments on anything that was brought up during the scrum?
20:21:41 <meeh> I got a question regarding oracle, license, and us whenever it's q/a time
20:21:54 <zlatinb> (this is the blocker/blockee part)
20:22:05 <zlatinb> meeh: ok we can chat after the meeting
20:22:43 <zzz> I'll just add that I'm blocked on all the possible packaging changes and improvements by mhatta
20:23:12 <zzz> and on the Tails startup notification feature, ditto
20:24:22 <zlatinb> ok.  That concludes 3) I think
20:24:33 <zzz> ok, anything else for the meeting?
20:25:02 * zzz grabs the baffer
20:25:27 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Here
20:25:38 * zzz puts down the baffer
20:25:38 <zlatinb> ohai
20:25:39 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Sorry for delay, internet issues again
20:26:13 <zlatinb> so yeah, briefly 1) what you did 2) going to do 3) blocked / need help?
20:27:58 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] 1) bug fixing, release work, router console UI patchset, Android work & signing key delegation, ticket triage, XRDS article
20:29:14 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Oh, and collaboration with Ura
20:29:24 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] (plus usual meetings etc.)
20:31:40 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] 2) Migrate all proposals to new forum, finish up NTCP Noise draft as a new proposal, Tor Dev meeting, sync w/ Ura, sync w/ dawuud on SPHINCS, possibly paper review, revisions on XRDS article, ticket triage
20:34:49 <zlatinb> are you blocked on anything or need help from someone?
20:34:50 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] 3) Nothing right now, but outreach to people interested in reviewing things
20:35:07 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Oh, mailing list
20:35:20 <zzz> ok, anything else for 3)? anything else for the meeting?
20:36:03 * zzz grabs the baffer again
20:36:23 <zzz> zab I like the 1-2-3, that worked well
20:37:01 * zzz **bafs** the meeting closed
