20:00:01 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:00:01 <zzz> 1) 0.9.34 update (zzz)
20:00:01 <zzz> 2) 0.9.34 blocker tickets (str4d)
20:00:01 <zzz> 3) 0.9.34 Android/Maven build and release roles and schedule (str4d/meeh)
20:00:01 <zzz> 4) Proposed removal of open4you.i2p and git.repo.i2p from console home page (anonymousmaybe)
20:00:01 <zzz> 5) 0.9.35 plan (zzz)
20:00:01 <zzz> 6) NTCP2 plan (zzz)
20:00:01 <zzz> 7) Status scrum (zab)
20:00:05 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:00:07 <zzz> Hi
20:00:30 <zzz> welcome to meeting 269, spanning almost 16 years
20:00:33 <manas> Hey
20:00:43 <zlatinb> hi
20:00:44 <zzz> 1) 0.9.34 update (zzz)
20:00:55 <zzz> ok, translation and checkin deadline is in 3 days
20:01:20 <zzz> not much for recent bug reports
20:01:36 <zzz> so we are looking good, pending item 2)
20:01:56 <zzz> I've been working on .35 and beyond the last couple of weeks
20:02:04 <zzz> anything else on 1) ?
20:03:00 <zzz> 2) 0.9.34 blocker tickets (str4d)
20:03:25 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Hi :B
20:03:32 <zzz> str4d has several blocker tickets dating back several months, and have been pushed past a couple of releases already
20:03:38 <manas> hey there str4d
20:03:38 <zzz> str4d, what's your plan for these?
20:04:10 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I see two blocker tickets.
20:04:19 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] One is reseeding on older Androids
20:04:39 <zzz> ok good, 2 is better than 'several'
20:04:45 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] For that one, we narrowed down the problem window, but could not at the time identify a fix (the one we tried didn't work)
20:05:07 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I do not have time at the moment to work on it, and the older versions are slowly becoming less-used
20:05:24 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] So I'm thinking that we should just deprecate the older Android versions
20:05:59 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Note that Google Play Store has put in requirements that new app uploads start conforming to newer APIs, so we may in that sense have our hand forced if we want to continue to push through GPlay
20:07:02 <zzz> and the other one?
20:07:16 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Dropping support for older APIs should be relatively simple to do as part of the next update, if we agree on it.
20:08:03 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] The other is translated string fixes from 0.9.31 (in OP says "minor, but classing as a blocker")
20:09:19 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Some of this I have fixed locally, but have not had time to extract and push out.
20:09:41 <zzz> I guess the question is whether you intend to do any UI bug fixes at all. Last fix we saw from you was 5 months ago. I highlighted about 10 tickets a month ago I wanted to see fixed for .34. Do you intend to do any UI work going forward or should we find a replacement?
20:09:58 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Realistically, if left to me, it will keep slipping, as my priorities are elsewhere at present.
20:10:39 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I do plan to push more of the UI patches, but I do not have time to make it a sufficiently-short timescale.
20:11:05 <zzz> ok so we shouldn't expect any UI work, including even simple fixes, at all from you, either for .34 or later?
20:11:31 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] The problem is that the word "simple" is doing a lot of heavy lifting there :stuck_out_tongue:
20:12:11 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] For .34, correct, don't expect any UI work from me.
20:12:15 <zzz> ok. I wish we knew this months ago. We've lost an awful lot of time. We'll start reassigning the work and looking for replacements.
20:12:22 <zzz> anything else for 2) ?
20:13:01 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I am happy to pass patchsets to others for extracting the "simple" fixes - maybe they will have better luck than I wrangling monotone+git
20:13:23 <zzz> 3) 0.9.34 Android/Maven build and release roles and schedule (str4d/meeh)
20:14:03 <zzz> I'd like to know if str4d and meeh have figured out who is doing what for the .34 maven/fdroid/android releases, so I know who to hold to account and when it's going to happen
20:15:37 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Meeh has the signing keys for Android and FDroid
20:15:51 <meeh> We can figure it out now. What do you think str4d , do you got time for it, or should I?
20:16:16 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I'd be happy for you to do it with me in your ear :slightly_smiling_face:
20:16:31 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] (because I want to build out our release capabilities)
20:16:47 <zzz> meeh that ok with you?
20:17:00 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] We can set up a time to pair on it.
20:17:16 <meeh> Yea, we can do that. That's the best option so far, so you can get me up to date on how, and what to do
20:17:29 <zzz> what about maven central?
20:17:45 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I'm currently the only one with credentials for it.
20:18:08 <meeh> Yea, I don't have maven access
20:18:22 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] There's a few hoops that need to be jumped through with Sonatype to change that
20:18:29 <zzz> so are you doing it or giving meeh the privs? I need to know who is responsible and when it's going to happen
20:18:39 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] (vaguely recalling what I had to do in order to set it up in the first place)
20:18:52 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I will do that for .34
20:19:21 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] (probably in the same pairing with meeh)
20:19:57 <zzz> ok can I hold you two to a two-week deadline to get it all released? If I get mine cut by April 10, that would be April 24. ok?
20:20:41 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Okay.
20:20:51 <zzz> ok meeh?
20:20:56 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I'm in Denver week of 9th, then back in UK following week
20:21:09 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] So whichever week works better timezone-wise for meeh
20:21:11 <meeh> Yepp
20:21:39 <zzz> ok. meeh you also owe me an ack that you checked the gplay crash report
20:21:45 <zzz> anything else on 3) ?
20:21:49 <meeh> I should be able to adjust to something that fits for str4d in that timeline
20:22:27 <zzz> 4) Proposed removal of open4you.i2p and git.repo.i2p from console home page (anonymousmaybe)
20:22:48 <zzz> ok anonymousmaybe reports that those two sites have been down for weeks or months and recommends that they be removed from the router console
20:22:55 <zzz> any objections?
20:23:28 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] git.repo.i2p has been down for a while primarily because I have not had time to go in and get it running again.
20:23:53 <zzz> so I don't hear you objecting :)
20:23:55 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] If it is desired that it be running again, I can make time to do that. But I would also not object to it being removed.
20:24:06 <zzz> if not, I'll remove them both for .34
20:24:31 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] No objections from me on open4you.i2p
20:24:33 <zzz> you may apply for reinclusion following our normal processes once it's up and stable
20:25:00 <zzz> it's a terrible user experience to have dead links on our console home page, and we owe it to our users to keep them up or remove them
20:25:06 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] ACK (I followed that process the first time IIRC :D)
20:25:15 <zzz> ok anything else on 4) ?
20:25:54 <zzz> 5) 0.9.35 plan (zzz)
20:26:11 <zzz> ok we had a roadmap meeting a week or two ago, and the roadmap on our website reflects the results
20:26:22 <zzz> everything else has been pushed to 36/37
20:26:35 <zzz> we've been hard at work on 35 features for a couple of weeks already
20:26:55 <zzz> this is the way I want to work for every release, where the work is done in advance and then merged in early in the cycle
20:27:13 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] +1
20:27:13 <zzz> the schedule is for a .35 release in mid-late June, standard 10-week cycle
20:27:34 <manas> There will be a meeting similar to the last one prior to the .35 release?
20:27:57 <zzz> yeah, I'd like to do a roadmap meeting for the next one a few weeks before each release
20:28:06 <manas> ok sounds good
20:28:20 <zzz> all the anything else on 5) ?
20:28:35 <zzz> s/all the//
20:29:08 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] .35 roadmap looks reasonable to me
20:29:24 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] +1 on private testnet setup improvements :smile:
20:30:01 <zzz> 6) NTCP2 plan (zzz)
20:30:09 <manas> I had posted on the forums a little late but would like to have a meeting (or discuss at next meeting) to discuss specifics about the private test net
20:30:30 <zzz> ok we've convened a team with reps from all 3 projects. We've had two meetings so far and have a new version of the proposal posted
20:30:39 <meeh> manas I'll contact you in a day or so, done some work on the topic as well
20:30:43 <zzz> we plan to meet once a week and put out a new draft after each meeting
20:30:49 <manas> meeh: alright :)
20:31:02 <zzz> the goal is to be done by the end of april and have test implementations by the end of may.
20:31:19 <zzz> the next meeting is in #ntcp2 April 9, 4 PM UTC, all welcome.
20:31:20 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Which proposal is being furthered?
20:31:36 <zzz> the version that we posted yesterday.
20:31:52 <zlatinb> it’s available on clearnet forum str4d 
20:32:16 <zzz> actually, it's on the website. proposal 111.
20:32:56 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Okay, so it's the update I proposed
20:33:06 <zzz> comments may be made on i2pforum.i2p, i2pforum.i2p, the trac ticket, the zzz.i2p thread, in #ntcp2, here, you can email me, anyway anybody wants to do it. Clearnet or not. We welcome participation from all.
20:33:11 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I need to check whether what was pushed to the website matches what I've been working on locally
20:33:46 <zzz> as I emailed you a week ago, we do not require a separate proposal from you.
20:34:12 <zzz> 111 will be the proposal and we will update it each week after our meeting.\
20:34:33 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I'll ping you after meeting.
20:34:40 <zzz> anything else on 6) ?
20:36:00 <zzz> 7) Status scrum (zab)
20:36:04 <zzz> over to you zlatinb 
20:36:30 <zlatinb> Hi.  Before we start the scrum, everyone who wants to get paid please fill out the timesheet/request form that zzz posted on his forum 
20:36:55 <zlatinb> and email the form to me
20:36:58 <zlatinb> now off to scrum
20:37:01 <zzz> ok I suggest we wait until at least the last week of the month, so people know how much they worked up until then?
20:37:42 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I agree. My understanding was the quarter started in Feb
20:37:43 <zlatinb> sure, but I would need a few days after I receive the form
20:38:09 <manas> I believe the post said not before APR 23
20:38:29 <zzz> On the post I said earliest to email is April 23 and latest is April 30. But you make the rules and I'll update it.
20:38:49 <zlatinb> those dates are fine
20:39:07 * zlatinb got caught for not having read the post ;-)
20:39:17 <zlatinb> anyway :)
20:39:50 <zlatinb> so scrum - we’ll go around the room, when your name is called pls post a short description of 
20:39:56 <zlatinb> 1) what you’ve been doing since last scrum
20:40:02 <zlatinb> 2) what you plan to do next month
20:40:21 <zlatinb> 3) are you blocked by anyone or do you need help on anything
20:40:40 <zlatinb> pls do so even if you’ve been updating on the video chat, this is for posterity
20:41:02 <zlatinb> so, zzz you go first
20:41:35 <zzz> thanks zlatinb. In the last month I've done a lot of work on the .34 release, including lots of bug fixes and new features. 
20:42:13 <zzz> More recently, I have transitioned to 35 features and research, including susimail folders,  and the new NTCP2 protocol
20:42:53 <zzz> in the next month I plan to review the paper we received a month ago, continue work on NTCP2, get the 34 release out,
20:43:05 <zzz> and fix bugs. 3) no blockers. EOT.
20:43:18 <zlatinb> thanks
20:43:26 <zlatinb> eche|off: are you here by any chance?
20:43:39 <zzz> i think not
20:43:40 <zlatinb> I know he said he wouldn’t be but just in case...
20:44:03 <zlatinb> alright.  Next full-timer- meeh, go
20:44:22 <meeh> Highlights
20:44:22 <meeh> I've soon done with an MVP for a new OSX launcher, improved outproxy service and tuning it for better performance. I've done some few scala tests, more to come. And I've setup test systems I need for both Android and OSX dev/test. Also used some time to get known with the codebases again. Also somewhat read me up on proposals.
20:44:40 <meeh> Misc: Much I can't really recall at the moment.
20:45:23 <meeh> For next round: Have the MVP for OSX ready. Mindblow you with a nice browser bundle. Focus more on scalatests, android and contribution documentation
20:45:51 <meeh> Blockers; mja.. being more secure on dns changes as discussed on last video
20:46:12 <zlatinb> yes indeed, I’ll have to get more serious chasing welt
20:46:34 <zlatinb> anything else meeh ?
20:46:51 <meeh> Cause once we can be sure of changes and when, I can deprecate some old services with fresh servers and software (cleanup, and such)
20:46:59 <meeh> Improve my services for i2p
20:47:04 <meeh> Done now :)
20:47:19 <zlatinb> cool
20:47:35 <zlatinb> manas: it must be very late where you are, good to see you,  Your update pls?
20:47:56 <manas> hey, everyone. good to see all again
20:47:57 <manas> to summarize: I have studied up to chapter 4, which is on java syntax, of the book which I am using to study Java. will be continuing with chapter 5 this month, objects in java. have written some java code which was reviewed by zzz (thank you, zzz). will be continuing to study crypto as well. reading up on ant and gradle. thinking about the test net, planning on acquiring some hardware for
20:47:58 <manas> this. continuing to maintain services which I run and staying on top of security disclosures. reading/responding to trac and forum posts regularly.
20:48:19 <manas> meeh, if you have any writeups/documentation to share about running an outproxy I would be interested in reading it :)
20:48:21 <manas> eot
20:48:57 <zlatinb> good stuff - I want to talk about the outproxy business in light of OTF “soon”
20:49:08 <meeh> Sure, we can talk about that later. Mainly it's a tunnel without anything in the domain field
20:49:09 <zlatinb> but now back to scrum - str4d your tunr
20:49:11 <zlatinb> turn
20:49:18 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] In the last month I worked on our current crypto specs, started the process for migrating proposals to the new forum, attended the Tor developer meeting in Rome (for Zcash, but had various I2P-relevant discussions), worked with Elio/Ura on website mockups, worked on Ire in preparation for NTCP2 draft implementation, and generally thought
20:49:19 <i2pr> about NTCP2 crypto primitives.
20:50:20 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] In the next month I plan to check my email XD, pair w/ meeh on .34 Android/Maven, schedule into my calendar these meetings I seem to be missing, review the paper, start a draft implementation of NTCP2 in order to figure out some of the Noise library issues, and work on specifying the Elligator-esque ephemeral key blinding.
20:50:50 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] Only blocker is email-related, will ping people after about it.
20:50:57 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] EOT
20:51:38 <zlatinb> i2pr: str4d ping ping
20:52:35 <zlatinb> thanks
20:52:46 <zlatinb> is sadie around on slack?
20:53:40 <zlatinb> if not I think this is everyone / everything for 7)
20:54:03 <zzz> ok, thanks zlatinb, anybody have anything else for the meeting?
20:54:38 <i2pr> [Slack/str4d] I don't think she's here
20:54:55 <meeh> no, just announcement that I will setup more resources for outproxy and improve it
20:55:03 * zzz grabs the baffer
20:56:00 * zzz *baffs* the meeting closed
