20:00:05 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:00:05 <zzz> 1) 0.9.36 status (zzz)
20:00:05 <zzz> 2) LS2 status (zzz)
20:00:05 <zzz> 3) Applications for bobthebuilder.i2p and paste.crypthost.i2p at http://zzz.i2p/posts/13897
20:00:05 <zzz> 4) Status scrum (zlatinb)
20:00:05 <zzz> 5) Reschedule Sept. 4 meeting (zzz)
20:00:10 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:00:12 <zzz> hi
20:00:21 <zzz> 1) 0.9.36 status (zzz)
20:00:27 <zlatinb> hi
20:00:29 <villain> hi all
20:00:34 <zzz> 6 weeks into the 36 cycle, 2 weeks to go
20:00:52 <mikalv> hi
20:00:53 <zzz> tag freeze is tomorrow; checkin deadline a week from friday; release week of aug. 20
20:01:18 <zzz> everybody please test. I'll mark the next version as -rc
20:01:31 <zzz> anything else on 1) ?
20:02:24 <zzz> 2) LS2 status (zzz)
20:02:30 <zzz> we had our 5th meeting yesterday
20:02:47 <zzz> going well, but going very slowly. The issues are complex and interrelated
20:03:11 <zzz> I updated the proposal (123) today, but it's still very rough
20:03:41 <zzz> we haven't even agreed on goals and priorities yet, so it's going to be a while, but I'm happy with the process
20:03:58 <zzz> all are welcome, next meeting is next monday, 6 PM UTC in #ls2
20:04:27 <zzz> anything else on 2) ?
20:05:13 <zzz> 3) Applications for bobthebuilder.i2p and paste.crypthost.i2p at http://zzz.i2p/posts/13897
20:05:25 <zzz> these are console home page requests
20:05:33 <zzz> is the applicant sl here?
20:06:07 <zlatinb> usually not as it’s late in $HOME
20:06:27 <zzz> anybody have any comments pro or con on adding these to the console home page?
20:07:06 <zlatinb> I’m +1 on adding bob the builder, neutral on the new paste
20:07:13 <zzz> any objections?
20:07:31 <mikalv> I'm +1 for online services on the console
20:07:55 <zzz> doesn't hurt to have a second paste, especially since the one we have now has been offline for weeks at a time
20:08:15 <zzz> although it's been fairly reliable lately
20:08:40 <zzz> hearing no objections, I will add them to the console for 36
20:08:46 <villain> if there are dead links to remove, can add those links instead
20:08:50 <zzz> anything else on 3) ?
20:09:04 <eche|on> nope
20:09:11 <zzz> zerobin isn't dead, it just hasn't had the best uptime in the past
20:09:46 <zzz> 4) Status scrum (zlatinb)
20:09:49 <zzz> go zlatinb 
20:10:31 <zlatinb> ok, we’re going to go around the room and when your name is called describe briefly 1) what you’ve been up to last month 2) what you plan to do next month 3) if you’re blocked by anyone or need help
20:10:57 <zlatinb> we’re going to start with The New Kid - villain.  Since this is your first scrum, skip 1) and just go with 2) and 3)
20:11:09 <zlatinb> go villain 
20:12:24 <zlatinb> villain you there?  
20:12:34 <villain> learning java and monotone, plans to fix few more website tickets before 36 release, as zzz discussed with zzz. and learn more :)
20:13:00 <villain> no blockings at the moment
20:13:41 <zlatinb> great.  Usually we say EOT at the end of the report :)
20:13:48 <villain> now doing research on https://trac.i2p2.de/ticket/1583
20:13:57 <villain> EOT
20:13:59 <villain> heh
20:14:17 <zlatinb> thank you.  zzz you’re next
20:14:37 <zzz> ok. last month was mostly polishing and testing ntcp2, with orignal's help
20:14:46 <zzz> starting up the LS2 research and meetings
20:14:59 <zzz> lots and lots of bug fixes of course
20:15:33 <zzz> next month will be getting the .36 release out, and continuing on LS2, bug fixes, etc
20:15:41 <zzz> also doing some code refactoring along the way
20:16:06 <zzz> hope to get to SSL wizard for non-jetty for 37. Sadly didnt' get to it for 36, it was too hard
20:16:13 <zzz> no blockers; EOT
20:17:14 <eche|on> ok, I did lots of forum admin work, some code testing, donations and account managing, going with this the next month, no blockers currently
20:17:20 <eche|on> uupos
20:17:40 <zlatinb> ok eche|on might as well go with you next :)
20:17:51 <eche|on> thats more or less all^^
20:18:04 <zlatinb> ok cool
20:18:10 <zlatinb> mikalv: what about you?
20:18:14 <mikalv> Yea, well for me; Current; OSX Launcher beta for 0.9.36  Gonna; 1. Continue on the OSX launcher (making it pretty, some more features and work on stablility). 2. Hopefully help zzz with the LS2 research and impl. 3. Push out an test-MVP/alpha of a browser bundle. 
20:18:23 <mikalv> 4. Continue my campain for no-single-person-of-failure where the core members which hosts core services give access to other core members as backup/fallback if someone goes missing so the project don’t suffer more of such events.
20:18:28 <mikalv> Blocker; Hoping we could get the DNS control of i2p2.de from welt.
20:18:56 <mikalv> either me or eche|on, at least someone more active
20:19:09 <zlatinb> wow that was well-prepared, well done
20:19:25 <zlatinb> sadie mentioned she *might* be able to make it… paging sadie…
20:19:49 <zlatinb> str4d: any chance you’re around?
20:19:53 <eche|on> Welt contacted me, I replied, no more answer from him
20:19:58 <mikalv> zlatinb: remember I've done this for two years each day before i2p now :p
20:20:41 <mikalv> I wish to get control of the DNS domain, so I can more freely change trac ip, and later on download
20:20:59 <zlatinb> Alex W. was around but just left so I guess that’s everyone for the scrum
20:21:16 <mikalv> cause of situation, the old deperecated server reverse-proxy to the new trac :(
20:22:04 <zzz> 5) Reschedule Sept. 4 meeting (zzz)
20:22:08 <zlatinb> EOT
20:22:19 <mikalv> yea sorrry EOT
20:22:26 <zzz> ok I can't make Sept. 4 and I think some others can't either
20:22:46 <zzz> we could do Wed. Sept. 5 or Tues. Sept. 11?
20:23:01 <zzz> if the 11th, there would be only 3 weeks between that and the october 2 meeting
20:23:27 <zlatinb> I’ll be on the road most of september so can’t promise either the 5th or the 11th
20:23:27 <zzz> I want to put CCC on the agenda for the Sept. meeting, even though we made most of the decisions last december for funding
20:23:44 <mikalv> I think I can both, so for me it's ok
20:23:53 <zzz> eche|on, what about you?
20:24:12 <eche|on> 11th is not OK
20:24:30 <zzz> wed. 5th ok?
20:24:41 <eche|on> 5th seems to be ok 
20:24:52 <zzz> ok, let's pencil it in for wed. the 5th
20:24:55 <mikalv> ok
20:25:02 <zzz> anything else on 5) ?
20:25:06 <zzz> anything else for the meeting?
20:25:51 * zzz grabs the baffer
20:26:40 * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed
