20:07:48 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:07:48 <zzz> 1) 0.9.36 release status (zzz)
20:07:48 <zzz> 2) 0.9.37 dev status (zzz)
20:07:48 <zzz> 3) LS2 status (zzz)
20:07:48 <zzz> 4) CCC planning (zzz/echelon/mikalv)
20:07:48 <zzz> 5) Status scrum (zlatinb)
20:07:55 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:07:58 <zzz> Hi
20:08:00 <eche|on> hi
20:08:16 <villain> hi :)
20:08:22 <zzz> apologies for being late
20:08:29 <zzz> 1) 0.9.36 release status (zzz)
20:08:47 <zzz> I believe we're done with everything, with the possible exception of f-droid
20:08:53 <R4SAS> hi
20:09:04 <zzz> nextloop, any f-droid status?
20:09:44 <zzz> ntcp2 testing is going well
20:09:56 <zzz> anything else on 1) ?
20:10:09 <R4SAS> I got one
20:10:33 <R4SAS> where can I see packages for debian as listing?
20:10:54 <zzz> I think it's packages.debian.org - there's a search box
20:11:12 <R4SAS> I'm thinkig about adding i2p packages in my repo
20:11:32 <zzz> there's also one packages.ubuntu.com
20:11:44 <zzz> and our repo is deb.i2p2.de
20:12:00 <zzz> anything else on 1) ?
20:12:03 <R4SAS> for ubuntu I will use launchpad packages
20:12:36 <zzz> 2) 0.9.37 dev status (zzz)
20:13:03 <zzz> it's early in the .37 cycle. We've set a 9 week cycle with a release the week of Oct. 22
20:13:21 <eche|on> ok
20:13:39 <zzz> meeh is working on getting the osx installer done for 37. I'm working on migrating to the new maxmind geoip format
20:13:56 <zzz> everybody is looking at UI stuff
20:14:13 <zzz> we should have the usability test results soon
20:14:40 <zzz> we're going to hopefully move the console help page to transifex
20:15:07 <zzz> so translators save some time for mid october to translate it!
20:15:11 <zzz> anything else on 2) ?
20:15:28 <eche|on> nothing yet, ntcp2 default?
20:15:32 <eche|on> in .37 ?
20:15:37 <meeh> yes I'm working on the osx wrapper - now ported to xcode, that and how,if,what i2p-browser :)
20:15:38 <zzz> yeah that too :)
20:16:32 <zzz> yes, ntcp2 by default in 37. Everybody please test dev builds where it is the default, or enable it in .36-0 release
20:16:38 <zzz> anything else on 2) ?
20:17:34 <zzz> 3) LS2 status
20:17:42 <zzz> we've had about 8 meetings over two months
20:18:06 <zzz> we still are in the discussion phase, but I think we are close to making some decisions and moving forward
20:18:29 <eche|on> at least sth
20:18:30 <zzz> there are a lot of related issues, such as new crypto, that are complicating things
20:18:47 <zzz> it's a lot of things that have been on the table for 5 years or more that we are finally addressing
20:19:05 <eche|on> good job !
20:19:17 <zzz> what is clear is that we won't do everything at once
20:19:35 <zzz> we're going to make some initial changes, that will allow for optional things, and more changes to follow
20:19:53 <zzz> we have started updating the proposal document
20:20:17 <zzz> I hope to have some decisions documented soon... that will allow us to start some coding and experiments
20:21:09 <zzz> we took a week off for labor day but our next meeting is next monday the 12th at 5 PM UTC in #ls2
20:21:44 <zzz> all are welcome, it's complex and hard to follow even for us that have our heads in it, but it's fun to see things come together
20:21:48 <zzz> anything else on 3) ?
20:22:34 <zzz> 4) CCC planning
20:22:57 <eche|on> ok, ccc will be leipzig
20:23:01 <zzz> We made preliminary decisions last december but we traditionally finalize the rules around this time every year
20:23:13 <zzz> absolutely for sure leipzig, right?
20:23:29 <eche|on> yes, officially announced from CCC already
20:23:36 <zzz> great, I didn't see that
20:24:19 <zzz> we pay for congress tickets, we reimburse up to 1500 euro for plane/train, and new for this year we agreed to up to 400 euro hotel expenses
20:24:27 <eche|on> yes
20:24:56 <zzz> over 1500 or paid in advance only for 'special circumstances', i.e. you are broke :)
20:25:13 <eche|on> look all good so far
20:25:25 <zzz> and that's for paid program members only, unless approval from echelon. 
20:25:28 <eche|on> tickets will be managed central, if possible
20:25:38 <zzz> we will buy the congress tickets centrally, correct.
20:25:48 <zzz> so we need to know who is coming... soon...
20:26:12 <zzz> so, any objections or changes to the rules as I've listed them here?
20:26:12 <eche|on> I assume we need to by end of oct
20:26:20 <eche|on> no need to change
20:26:31 <meeh> nope, all fine
20:26:49 <zzz> the idea is, if you want to be there, the project will help you get there
20:27:35 <zzz> stickers and power strips and banners and tables and other logistics like that, we will work out as we go, no need to discuss here in the meeting
20:27:58 <eche|on> ok, yes
20:28:31 <zzz> if you haven't gotten your plane tickets yet, do it NOW, there aren't a lot of flights into LEJ. If you're riding your bike or taking the train, you have more time
20:28:54 <zzz> those who haven't been before, ask those who have about hotels and anything else you want to know
20:29:09 <zzz> anything else on 4) ?
20:30:19 <zzz> 5) scrum
20:30:28 <zzz> zab is out, so I'll run it
20:31:05 <zzz> when I call on you, please say 1) what you did last month 2) what you're going to do next month 3) any blockers; end with EOT or 'thats it' or something
20:31:13 <zzz> villain, you go first
20:33:00 <zzz> eche|on, you're next
20:33:35 <eche|on> I did do all financial stuff, server work, testing, helping with release (news), going to do same for next month, no blockers. IÂ´ll be afk tomorrow til wednesday 12th
20:33:58 <zzz> thanks. meeh your turn
20:34:27 <meeh> okay, I got time for three points
20:34:28 <meeh> * worked with porting osx launcher finished to xcode - revert was hard, since my monotone skills say I shouldn't play with fire (this was freeze time)
20:34:28 <meeh> * one of the DCs I got servers at had a power failure where everything went off - so I've mostly making sure things run and arguing with servers today.
20:34:28 <meeh> * looked into both firefox/chromium for solving self-signed certificate issues as well as a privacy browser, did a 24hrs monkey coding on a qt plugin which is based upon chromium but gave awesome results.
20:35:23 <zzz> and for next month? blockers?
20:35:49 <meeh> osx launcher is fully moved to xcode now, icon is showing again, some odd behavior with action handler but should be fixed anytime soon
20:36:31 <villain> Ok, learned things about monotone and java. fixed https://trac.i2p2.de/ticket/1244, added a ntcp2 article translation. made a press-release for the 0.9.36 in russian. Last week, developing that async python library, now finishing documentation for it. https://github.com/l-n-s/i2plib 
20:36:47 <meeh> for next month I'll look more into the browser case if you rest approve when I'll give you an review next meeting, if not it's probably android and osx which is highest on the lsit
20:37:35 <zzz> villain, for next month? blockers?
20:38:57 <zzz> for me, last month I fixed a lot of NTCP2 and other bugs, and got the 36 release out.
20:39:30 <zzz> next month will be the new geoip code, continuing to work on LS2, fix more bugs, get the help page ready for translation
20:39:53 <zzz> I will be mostly afk for the next week, however
20:39:56 <zzz> no blockers
20:40:28 <zzz> anybody else here to report? sl or alex_the_designer ?
20:40:32 <eche|on> :-)
20:40:39 <alex_the_designer2> hi
20:40:59 <zzz> hi alex_the_designer2 please give us your 1/2/3 last month/next month/blockers
20:41:06 <alex_the_designer2> last month : was blocked on onboarding. major thanks to eche|on and meeh for getting me unblocked
20:41:23 <villain> the next month as zzz mentioned, will get more practice with monotone, fixing the website tickets, finish a redhat package. would like to hear feedback on my python lib from str4d , and add it to i2p organisation on github, if it's fine
20:41:37 <villain> no blockers except that
20:41:43 <villain> EOT
20:42:10 <zzz> thanks villain 
20:42:15 <alex_the_designer2> this month : looking at trac issue 1996 (pretty sure that was the one you wanted input for), also starting writeup on whitepaper. got some headway on www update during friday streams but will also do during weekdays.
20:42:46 <alex_the_designer2> no blockers. will be afk-ish 17-21 as i'll be in SF.  EOT or 'that it' or something :D
20:43:06 <zzz> alex_the_designer2, also perhaps since this is your first meeting, could you give us a quick overview of your friday night twitch sessions, what might come out of it, how we can participate?
20:43:20 <alex_the_designer2> sure thing!
20:44:14 <alex_the_designer2> so fridays from 9:30pm CST to about 11pm CST i stream on twitch.tv/alex_the_designer . when i started back in january the overall theme was 'FOSS Design' but it has been more aimed toward i2p
20:45:00 <alex_the_designer2> i have been doing basic tutorials and whatnot to help first timers understand how to set up i2p and host a site as i believe content is the primary blocker for wide adoption
20:45:36 <alex_the_designer2> what would be helpful is for folks to show up and socialize if they wish. also promoting the show via whatever social media channels you prefer is super helpful
20:46:26 <alex_the_designer2> i also have some raw recordings which i wish to post online from prior shows, but i need to edit those (mainly to redact my home IP) 
20:46:48 <zzz> are you getting feedback from the viewers that will give us insight on priorities and UI choices? How can you funnel what you're learning back to the rest of us, either in posts or tickets or writeups? Have any plans?
20:47:08 <alex_the_designer2> the_tin_hat has been showing up on the regular and has provided a lot of comic relief and feedback
20:47:42 <alex_the_designer2> when it comes to UI choices, i haven't had enough feedback from users to truly justify any choices
20:47:52 <eche|on> ok, in 6h my alarmclock goes on, I head into bed, cya later
20:48:03 <alex_the_designer2> so it's by gut & trial and error 
20:48:04 <zzz> night echelon
20:48:15 <alex_the_designer2> cya echelon! 
20:48:35 <zzz> ok so perhaps we need to expand the audience first
20:49:04 <zzz> so let's get out the word more, maybe on our forums, or blog post... not just twitter
20:49:33 <zzz> thanks alex for the overview, you're doing good work, hopefully it results in more users and content and a better product
20:49:38 <alex_the_designer2> every channel is super helpful as the audience is all over :D
20:49:45 <zzz> right
20:49:48 <alex_the_designer2> thanks for the vote of support! 
20:50:07 <zzz> anybody else I missed for the scrum? sadie sl
20:50:18 <zzz> anything else for the meeting?
20:50:52 * zzz grabs the baffer
20:51:13 <villain> alex_the_designer2: can make reddit /r/i2p announcements for your streams
20:51:31 <zzz> good idea
20:51:36 <alex_the_designer2> much obliged villain 
20:51:42 <zzz> sorry again for the late meeting start
20:51:49 * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed
